Radha is attending her sister’s wedding, and there are a lot of things to do including packing and food and decorating. Radha took up the responsibility for packing the sweets, as no one was interested in doing such tedious work. She got an idea, where she announced that we will pick a winner from a packing contest, and those who win this game will be given a surprise gift. The best part is that more than 1 person can be the winner in this game.
Radha, by default, is the first player. So, the game goes like this:

All the sweet boxes are represented with numbers, to differentiate them from each other. Let us say that a box numbered ‘1’ will contain a different sweet compared to the one which is numbered ‘2’.
Each player will be given different/same combinations of sweets boxes in different/same quantities.
Each player has to pack all the respective boxes given to them, in one final package.
As a default point, each person will be given the number of points equal to the number of boxes they pack. Let us say they have 6 sweet boxes in their queue, they will get 6 points as default.
If the final package contains 4 different types of sweets, then they will get an additional 1 point.
If the final package contains 5 different types of sweets, then they will get additional 2 points.
If the final package contains 6 or more different types of sweets, then they will get additional 4 points.
Radha is Player 1, and the remaining players follow after that. The input will be in the format given below:

For Player-1 (Radha):
1
6 1 2 3 4 5 7
This means there is only 1 player, and 6 is the number of boxes given to her. And the remaining values (1 2 3 4 5 7).
If we have multiple participants then, say we have 3 participants
3
6 1 2 3 4 5
4 1 3 2 2
5 1 2 2 3 3

This means we have 3 participants (N=3)

First participant:

Number of boxes 6, N = Z[0]
The types of sweets in these 6 boxes are, respectively, as 1 2 3 4 5 7, 1.e., Z[1, N]
Second participant:

Number of boxes 4, N = Z[0]
The types of sweets in these 6 boxes are, respectively, as 1 3 2 2, i.e., Z[1, N]
Third participant:

Number of boxes 5, N = Z[0]
The types of sweets in these 6 boxes are respectively, as  1 2 2 3 3 i.e., Z[1, N]
Your output will be:
Radha: If Radha wins.
Tie: If 2 or more 2 players have the same score.
A[i]: Index of the player.

Example 1:

Input:
2 -> Input string. Integer N.
6 1 2 3 4 5 6-> Input Integer, Z[ ]
9 3 3 3 4 4 4 5 5 5 -> Input integer, Z[ ]
Output:
Radha -> Output
Explanation:
From the above inputs let’s calculate the total points for each player.

Player 1: Radha
Has 6 boxes, so 6 points in the beginning.
She has 6 different types of sweets (from 1-6), hence 6 more points to that.
Total of 6 + 6 = 12 points

Player 2:
Has 9 boxes, so 9 points in the beginning.
She has only 3 different types of sweets (3,4 & 5), so no points to that.
Total of 9 points.
Radha is a winner with more points.

Example 2:

Input:
2 -> Input string. Integer N.
3 1 2 3 -> Input Integer, A[ ], Z[ ].
4 1 2 3 4 -> Input integer, A[ ], Z[ ].
Output:
2 -> Output
Explanation:
From the above inputs let’s calculate the total points for each player:

Player 1: Radha
Has 3 boxes, so 3 points in the beginning.
She has 3 different types of sweets (from 1-3), so no points to that.
Total of 3 points.

Player 2:
Has 4 boxes, so 4 points in the beginning.
She has only 3 different types of sweets (1 – 4), so 1 point to that.
Total of 3+1 = 4 points.
Player 2 is a winner with more points. So, the answer is 2.