Reddington has invested his money in stock of N companies, but lately, he realized that he has invested money in a very random manner. He wants to restructure the money he invested. He decided on an integer K which he will use to modify the amount invested either by putting k more amount for a particular company or withdrawing the same K amount. He will withdraw from one company by selling a stock) and will invest the same amount of K in another company (by buying stock). For more than one transaction (either buy or sell) of stock in the same company have some charges per month, such that he will not do more than one transaction of a particular company means either he will buy or sell the stock of amount K for a company or he will not do any transaction for that company. But he can do as many transactions as he wants to be provided that in one company he will do only one transaction. As you are his best friend so he reached out to you o for help.

Reddington wants to keep the difference between the smallest and largest invested amount minimal, can you please help him to get this minimum difference?

NOTE: Reddington can sell the stock of K from a particular company only if the invested amount value for that particular company is higher than k.

Hint: To keep the difference minimum, if any transaction is needed then he needs to sell the stock of amount from the company with the highest invested amount and invest the same in the company with the smallest invested amount

Example 1:

Input:
2100 > N=100, K=100
100 1000 -> Invested amount for each company

Output:
700

Explanation:
Two companies C1 and C2 have invested amounts of 100 and 1000. From the company, C2 Reddington will sell the stock of 100(K) units and buy the stock of company C2. So, now the invested amount will be 200 and 900, and now Reddington can’t do more transactions, so the minimum difference will be 900-200 = 700.
Example 2:

Input:
5 100 -> N=5, K=100
100 200 300 400 500 -> Invested amount for each

Output:
200


Explanation:
Five companies C1, C2, C3, C4, and C4 having invested amounts as 100, 200, 300, and 400,500 Reddington will sell the stock of C5 of 100 units and put it in C1. So, the invested amount will be 200, 200, 300, 400, 400, Now Reddington will sell the stock of C4 and put it in C2, then the invested amount will be 200, 300, 300, 300,02 400. Reddington can’t do more transactions now, so the minimum difference will be 400 – 200 = 200.