One person hands over the list of digits to Mr. String, But Mr. String understands only strings. Within strings also he understands only vowels. Mr. String needs your help to find the total number of pairs that add up to a certain digit D.

The rules to calculate digit D are as follows

Take all digits and convert them into their textual representation
Next, sum up the number of vowels i.e. {a, e, i, o, u} from all textual representation
This sum is digit D
Now, once digit D is known find out all unordered pairs of numbers in input whose sum is equal to D. Refer example section for better understanding.
Constraints

1 <= N <= 100
1 <= value of each element in second line of input <= 100
Number 100, if and when it appears in the input should be converted to textual representation as a hundred and not as one hundred. Hence the number of vowels in the number 100 should be 2 and not 4
Input

the First line contains an integer N which represents the number of elements to be processed as input
the Second line contains N numbers separated by space
Output

Lower case representation of a textual representation of the number of pairs in input that sum up to digit D
Note: – (If the count exceeds 100 print “greater 100”)
Time Limit

1
Examples

Example 1

Input
5
1 2 3 4 5

Output
one

Explanation
1 -> one -> o, e
2 -> two -> o
3 -> three -> e, e
4 -> four -> o, u
5 -> five – > i, e
Thus, count of vowels in textual representation of numbers in input = {2 + 1 + 2 + 2 + 2} = 9. Number 9 is the digit D referred to in the section above.
Now from the given list of numbers {1,2,3,4,5} -> find all pairs that sum up to 9.

Upon processing this we know that only a single unordered pair {4, 5} sum up to 9. Hence the answer is 1. However, output specification requires you to print textual representation of number 1 which is one. Hence the output is one.

Note: – Pairs {4, 5} or {5, 4} both sum up to 9. But since we are asking to count only unordered pairs, the number of unordered pairs in this combination is only one.

Example 2

Input
3
7 4 2

Output
zero

Explanation
7 -> seven -> e, e
4 -> four -> o, u
2 -> two -> o

Thus, count of vowels in textual representation of numbers in input = {2 + 2 + 1} = 5. Number 5 is the digit D referred to in the section above.

Since no pairs add up to 5, the answer is 0. The textual representation of 0 is zero. Hence the output is zero.