# You are given an array A of size N. Your friend gave me an amazıng task for you. Your friend likes one type of Sequence. So, he called that type of sequence a fair sequence. You should select a fair sequence of maximum length from an array. Here a fair sequence is nothing but you have to select elements in a pattern like positive element, negative element, positive element… (negative element, positive element, negative element, to form a sequence.

Your task is to print the maximum sum of elements possible by selecting a fair subsequence with maximum length.
Ex: If array A = [-1, 18, 13, 18, 2, 16,7,-1, -213, 11].

Here your minimum length can be which subsequences -7 -2, 7,-1, 11.

The sum is 27,-1, which is the maximum Your friend also kept a timer of 15 min.

If you can solve. Your task is to print the maximum sum of elements possible by selecting a fair subsequence with maximum length.

Ex: If array A = [-1, 18, 13, 18, 2, 16,7,-1, -213, 11].

Here your minimum length can be 6.

The fair subsequence is -1, -18,-7, -2, 7,-1, 11.

The Sum is 32 which is the maximum possible.

Your friend also kept a timer of 15 min. You will win, will you be able to do it?

NOTE: You should select the elements in a fair sequence only.

Example – 1:

Input:
5 – N ( Number of elements in an array )
21 12 13 -21 -2 – Array A consists of N elements
Output:
19
Explanation:
Here you can select 21, -2 subsequences of maximum length 2. The sum is 19 which is the maximum possible for a fair subsequence of length 2.
Example – 2:

Input:
-153 -689
Output:
-153
Explanation:
Here you can select 21, -2 subsequences of maximum length 2. The sum is 19 which is the maximum possible for a fair subsequence of length 2.