# King Jeremy’s family has ruled a kingdom for N consecutive years numbered from 1 to N. The year i is described by a prosperity value A[i]. This is a positive integer when there was prosperity in the year and a negative integer when it was a difficult year for the kingdom. A historical period is described with two integers, S and F as [S, F], i.e. [Start, Finish], where S and F are from 1 to N, S <= F.

The target is to pick 2 historical periods, with the following 6 conditions:

The two periods shouldn’t have common years. For example (1,5) has no common year with [6,7).

the First period should start earlier than the second one, 1.e. (1,5) should be the first period, and then the [6,7] should start.

There should be a difference of more than K integers between the Finish of the first period and the start of the 2nd period.

Sum of prosperity values for the years in the periods chosen should be as large as possible.

Given N, A[ ], and K, give this maximum prosperity value as output.

E.g.
N = 5, number of years
K = 3, difference between 2 periods.
A = {-1, 1, 2, 3, -1} prosperity value for each year.

There is only 1 way to choose the two periods, which is [1,1] and [5,5] as the difference has to be greater than 3 (value of K).

The prosperity values for these are
[1, 1] = -1
[5, 5] = -1
The Some of these values are -2. Hence, the answer is -2.

Example 1:

Input:
8 -> Input Integer, N
3 -> Input Integer, K
{5, 5, -1, -2, 3, -1, 2, -2} -> Input sequence, A[ ].
Output:
12 -> Output
Explanation:
In the above case: N equals to 8, K equals to 3, Al equals to {5, 5,-1,-2,3,-1, 2, -2}. It is optimal to choose [1, 2] and [7, 7) periods. That is the only optimal choice that you can make.
So the values will be
[1, 2] = 5 5
[7, 7] = 2
The sum of it will be 5 + 5 + 2 = 12
Example 2:

Input:
6 -> Input Integer, N
0 -> input Integer, K
{5, -1, 5, 0, -1, 9} -> Input sequence A[ ].
Output:
18 -> Output
Explanation:
In the above case: N equals 6, and K equals to 0. All equals to {5,-1,5, 0, 1,9}. It is optimal to choose [1, 3] and [6, 6] periods. But that is not the only optimal choice that you can make So the values will be
[1, 3]  = 5 – 1 5
[6, 6] = 9

The sum of it will be 5 -1+5+9 = 18.

